Is what he said true?
I don't believe it.
How could anyone like him when he looks like a pig?
He is my upright wife
I won't allow you to slander him.
Host now
Cancel all Jiang Yurou's awards immediately.
But this time the prize has been determined
We have no way to explain it to investors.
Your biggest investor is me
I give it alone
Jiang Yurou set up a Best Performance Award
I can continue to pay
But this award
I don't think it's necessary anymore
Did Jiang Yurou hear it?
Cancel your award
You can go now.
You get up with me.
All because of you
Since you appeared
Never had a good day
Did you send buckwheat to get revenge on me?
Right?
And your dress.
I obviously burned it out
Why can you still dress up in Yanya Kennel?
Why are you admitting it in public now?
You burned my dress
But it doesn't matter.
You've done too many wrong things.
It's just a drop in the bucket for me
Yes
Let go of me let go of me